Link demo marketplace into product type pages (#31)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/csp-product.md

![Import microsoft product](/docs/assets/csp-product/import-microsoft-product.png)

### CSP product types

> The platform supports 3 type of products that can be sold:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform supports selling three different type of products:
```

* **License** type is for license-based products on the [XLS price
  list] published every month by Microsoft (e.g. [Office 365 Business]).
* **Azure marketplace** type is for VM-based products available on the [Azure
  marketplace] by third-party vendors (e.g. [Cassandra]).
* **ARM template** type is a deployment of one or more VM provisioned from a
  [JSON descriptor] (e.g. [Wordpress]).

On the second step of the wizard, the selected CSP product offer id or azure
metadata is showed to confirm that the selected product is correct, and it's
possible to decide an **initial pricing**.

![Import microsoft product](/docs/assets/csp-product/import-microsoft-product-create.png)

### Product details customization

> Once the product is imported in catalog, it can be customized as with any other

Reviewer: avoid "in catalog", just "imported"

product present in the catalog (logo, description, and so on), and additional
[Extra Resources](onboarding.md#extra-resources) can be added at your choice.

[Office 365 Business]: https://demo.cloudesire.com/1280/office-automation/office-365
[Cassandra]: https://demo.cloudesire.com/1727/office-automation/cassandra-on-azure
[Wordpress]: https://demo.cloudesire.com/1248/cms/wordpress-on-azure-arm-template
[XLS price list]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/partner-center/csp-documents-and-learning-resources#pricing
[Azure marketplace]: https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps

> [JSON descriptor]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authoring-templates

Reviewer: good markdown!
